1. HTML is a markup language, and it lets you make the structure of a webpage along with its elements. These elements can be interacted with by the user.
2. This webpage uses a big title with the most important information to let the reader know what the article will be about, as well as to catch the reader's attention. There is also a useful header at the very top that lets the reader know where they are. Right below the title, there is a smaller subheading letting the reader know who the writer is, when it was written, and how long the article is. This is done well because you can clearly read it, but it does not prevent th e title from standing out. The images throughout the article with the text explaining what they are also serve to enhance the article by making it more visually interesting and giving the reader more context as to what they are reading about. The first small paragraph tells the reader the importance of this article, and each small paragraph is split up in a way that delivers the information in an easy to digest way. Furthermore, it is obvious what can be clicked on because links are all red and underlined. Finally, the article ends with a related story if the reader wants to read more, along with other links related to different topics.
3. An HTML element is a collection of start and end tags with content between them. This is a building block of a web page and can be something like a heading, link, or image. Tags contain content which will be transformed based on what type of element it is. An attribute is something that gives us more information about elements and their contents, and it has a name and a value.
4. An element having semantic meaning means that it conveys meaning by its element type. When an element has structural meaning, it impacts the structure of a page even if it does not convey meaning by its element type.
5. The default behavior when submitting an HTML form is that the browser takes in the input values, and the browser reloads the page.
