1. The DOM, or Document Object Model, is a programming interface for web documents. It represents the document as nodes and objects so the document structure, style, and content can be changed. The DOM tree is a model of a web page created while a browser loads it. It is stored in the browsers' memory and is made up of four main types of nodes. The document node for the page, the element nodes for individual elements, the attribute nodes, and the text nodes.

2. An XSS attack, or Cross-Site Scripting Attack, is something that allows an attacker to access your users' accounts. It is a risk that comes with using some jQuery methods like innerHTML. The way it works is that a user can add code to an input that is then generated as HTML, and this code can be run for different users. The way to guard against this is being cautious with what content you treatas html. You can also validate input that came from a user, remove tags, and use escaping characters. Additionally, you can remove nodes or access and update attributes on elements.

3. An event is a "thing" that happens to HTML elements. There are many events you can respond to with code, like keyboard events when a button on the keyboard is pressed, mouse events when something is clicked or hovered over by the mouse, or form events when something is submitted.

4. A DOM eventListener can help with handling events by being able to deal with multiple functions at the same time. It sets up a function, and when the specified event is delivered to the target, that function is called. It also listens for the event by name. 

5. jQuery is a lightweight JavaScript library that helps a person to "write less, do more". The main reason to use it is that it makes things a lot easier for you when using JavaScript. Tasks that usually need you to write many lines of JavaScript code are wrapped into methods that you only need one line of code to call. HTML, DOM manipulation, event handling, CSS animations, and Ajax are simplified. To load jQuery onto a page, you use a CDN. 

6. AJAX, or Asynchronous JavaScript And XML, lets you update web pages asynchronously by exchanging data with a web server. With it, you can update parts of a web page without needing to reload the entire page. JSON, or JavaScript object notation is a text-base data format that follows JavaScript object syntax and uses human-readable text to store and transmit data objects made up of attribute-value pairs and arrays. The HTTP method types are GET, which is used to retrieve data, POST, which submits an entity to a specified resource and usually results in a new one being created, PUT, which makes the request payload replace all current representations of the target resource, PATCH, which partially modifies a resource, and DELETE, which deletes a resource. 
